Hey, good morning family.
Praise the Lord.
Thank you for joining us today.
Well, it's Diana, my beautiful bride, and me.
We're excited to be here today.
I try to embarrass her as much as I can when she's sitting next to me.
You don't know how many times we do these takes, and I try to be funny.
I told her, "It's making her laugh.
" If you can't have fun doing what you're doing, then why do it, right?
It's exciting times.
This is what Jesus is talking to us about.
Nothing is going to happen in the natural unless we pray it through in the spiritual first.
We must intercede and pray for what's coming.
He talked about it even today.
I was driving around, and Diana had to go into the grocery store.
The Lord started talking about cars, people driving around in their cars, and the cars looking like they were on fire when the glory was on them.
He said, "Brandon, I'm going to do something very unusual.
" And I said, "Lord, what is that?
" He said, "The fire was on buildings last time whenever Azusa Street happened.
People saw fire on the buildings when Rodney Howard-Browne held meetings in Fort Worth, Texas.
The building looked like it was on fire, and the fire department came, but the building was not on fire.
It was on fire with the Holy Ghost, and they were seeing in the spirit realm a building that was on fire.
" The Lord told me, "Brandon, what I'm about to do is that when people are driving around on the streets, it's going to look like their car is on fire.
I'm going to show up in their car as they're interceding, driving around the city, and your car is going to look like you're on fire.
People are going to be staring, thinking your car is on fire, as a sign and a wonder in these last days—not just on buildings, but on you when you walk in like Shadrach, Meshach, and Abednego.
You're in a Holy Ghost fire.
They were in an actual fire.
But I'm talking about a real fire that they see on us.
They will go, 'What is going on with that guy?
He's on fire.
' It's the glory.
It's the glory.
" Ladies and gentlemen, it's time to anticipate the demonstrations and manifestations of the glory of God.
Over the past 30 or 40 years, or whatever you've had in your life, the Lord has shown me, He said, "Brandon, it's been a cultivation with folks.
Not everybody is going to walk in the greater supernatural miracles because they're not there yet.
They'll try to take the glory for it.
Do you understand?
God will use you in an unusual way if you know how to deflect the glory to Him.
" The Lord told me, "If you don't take the glory, Brandon, I'll use you to do great and mighty things.
As long as you always deflect it like a mirror, deflecting the glory to Him.
You attract to deflect.
As long as you deflect the glory in these last days, I'll use you mightily.
" "But there are many people who will not deflect it.
They'll try to take it.
And He said, 'I will not share my glory with any man.
' For what I'm about to do in these last days, no one has ever seen what's about to happen.
No eye has seen, no ear has heard, nor has it entered into the heart of man the things that God has prepared for those that love Him.
Listen, ladies and gentlemen, God is about to show up and show off in your life in an unprecedented way that's going to be shock and awe.
But He will not share His glory with what's about to take place.
And if He can trust you to deflect it as a general, then He'll use you mightily.
" He showed me it's going to be like a change in command in the natural, like we have in the army.
We have the generals, then it goes to lieutenant generals, and it keeps going down, right?
The Lord showed me that it is just like that in the spirit realm.
And the ones that pay the price and are willing to say, "I deflect.
Father, it's not me.
It's You.
" I just want everybody to know immediately when you're in a crowd and you're on fire with the glory, it's all about Jesus.
This isn't about attracting attention to me.
This isn't about how great I am.
It's about how great He is.
He's able to operate through this vessel.
Ladies and gentlemen, I have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power may be of Him and not of me.
This is important.
With what we're about to see—when we see the legs, the arms, the ears, and the dead being raised—we must remember we have this treasure in earthen vessels, that the excellency of the power will be known of Him and not of me.
I decrease, He increases.
As long as we have a heart where He is increasing and we are decreasing, we are deflecting and looking at Him.
He is the potter, I am the clay.
He is not sharing His glory with anyone.
He could use anybody, but He's not sharing the glory.
It's all about Him and nothing about me.
I'm just a vessel that He uses in these end times.
Do you understand?
We attract to deflect, and it's very important.
The Lord showed me today that as we are getting ready to see demonstrations and manifestations like we've never seen before, He said, "If you want to be a general in my army, know that I will not share my glory with anybody.
" People will say, "Well, look at him.
He's on fire.
Can you believe that?
Did you know that Sister Diana has raised 30 people from the dead?
Boy, she's something, isn't she?
" She's a child of the King, and I'm a child of the King.
We're all just doing exactly what He's called us to do, and He can use anybody.
Keep your eyes on Him and stay focused.
It's important that you do this.
You need to hear me because of what He's told me is coming.
Unusual signs and wonders beyond anybody's comprehension are about to take place in the body of Christ.
Unusual demonstrations, unusual miracles, things we've never seen before.
If God showed up with the glory on Moses's face, He said, "Brandon, I'm going to show up with even greater glory on you.
Watch if you learn to deflect.
" Keep learning.
Keep dying to self.
That's why the Apostle Paul said, "I die daily.
" I will not take the glory.
When the shadow of Peter walked down through wherever the people were sick, the glory touched them.
He didn't even have to lay hands on them; the glory of the Lord touched these people, right?
The shadow touched them.
When the shadow touched them, it was the glory.
It wasn't him; it was just a shadow.
The glory was radiating out of him so strongly and so powerfully that even the shadow touched them.
That's what the Lord showed me during my prayer time all day today, just driving around.
He said, "Brandon, you must keep this in mind all the time.
You have a treasure in an earthen vessel, that the excellency of the power will be known of Him and not of you.
" This treasure that you carry—He said, "You don't share your treasure until I tell you to share it.
It's not your gift.
It's my gift being distributed through you.
The gold and the silver are mine.
The cattle are mine.
The anointing and the glory are mine.
" This endless treasure that you carry in earthen vessels is a treasure.
The power of the Holy Spirit is a treasure in an earthen vessel.
And He showed me a vast supply.
And He said, "The supply will never run dry, Brandon.
It will never run dry with anything that I've called you to do.
There is a vast supply.
" Come to the river.
Hallelujah.
I feel the Holy Spirit right now.
He showed me this treasure and all these coins, and He said, "Just because you have it and you operate in it, Brandon, doesn't mean it's for you to just do what you want to do with it.
" You are a steward of what I've called you to do.
Listen, you are a steward of the money, of the wealth, of the glory.
That's what I want to say.
The vast supply, the treasure in earthen vessels.
You have that treasure inside of you, ladies and gentlemen, and you're a steward of it.
'What do you want me to do with this, Lord?
' And He said, 'You don't let everybody touch the treasure, and you don't tell everybody about it.
' Because it's precious.
The way you guard it and you protect it.
And as you distribute it, you distribute the coins out—the treasure in earthen vessels—you distribute those out to the people that He tells you to.
This is exactly what I've asked you to do today.
Jesus said, 'I do nothing unless my Father instructs me to do it.
' Even if He thought, 'Well, I'm the Son of God.
Are you kidding me?
I can do whatever I want to do.
I'm Jesus.
' No, He went about it even more humbled and dead to self.
'I do nothing unless I hear my Father tell me to do it,' regardless of what He thought or what He could have done.
'I only do what I'm instructed to by my Father.
' And that's exactly how He operated the whole time He was walking underneath the glory, and that's what we should do.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels, and it's coins.
It's beautiful gold.
It's beautiful diamonds.
What do you do with that in distributing it out to the people?
Only do what the Father tells you to do.
I have a treasure, and in these scriptures that He gives me today, the excellency of the power will be known to Him.
I attract to deflect, and I always make sure I'm never going to share the glory with the Lord.
It's all about Him and nothing about me.
Does that make sense?
You have to keep this in your heart.
He said, 'Those that do this, I will use even greater.
They'll be ranked in the military in the spiritual realm.
' Who will be used?
He said, 'There's a lot of them I will not be able to trust because the moment of fame, the moment of clout, when they start getting huge on YouTube, huge on the news, or Daystar calls you up, or whoever—"Hey, my goodness, we heard you raised five people from the dead!
" Well, of course, don't you know how much time I've spent fasting and praying?
Don't you know how much I've done?
' It's all about Jesus.
I just need you to know this.
This is what He's instructing me today.
And it was very beautiful, but it was talking about how it was going to be in the days ahead, just right here in front of us.
Glory to God.
Hallelujah!
I'm so thankful for a praying wife, that we seek Him together.
I'm telling you, it is so important to pray and to seek Him together with your spouse, and that's why you don't hook yourself up with a dead horse.
'Well, I'm going to pray and get that person saved.
I'm going to do this.
I'm going to do that.
' No.
Do not marry and be unequally yoked with unbelievers.
Find a believing believer if you're going to get married, or don't get married at all.
You need to find a believing believer to get married to.
I'm telling you, there's a lot of seeker-friendly...
You're going to see people that think, 'Well, we have to change things on the stage.
We have to change things because we're losing numbers.
We have to keep relevant.
We have to do these things.
' And, 'We have to change our stage.
We have to change our packaging because we're losing the people.
' And the Lord told me, He said, 'Brandon, if you're standing in the middle of a field in a cow patty pasture, and you see poop all over the place, but people are gathered up...
If I be lifted up, I'll draw all men unto me.
' If the glory is there, I don't care if you're standing in waist-high mud, you're going to attract people like moths to a light, like these stupid flies flying around here trying to get around this light right now that I keep trying to kill.
I'm telling you, if He be lifted up, regardless of what it is, what people are attracted to is not how pretty your stage is or how great your music is.
It's the glory.
It's the glory!
I've seen it.
Even when Reinhard Bonnke did his meetings and crusades in Africa, four or five million people showed up, right?
But he had just a little tractor-trailer and this little stage with this backdrop, nothing really cool.
But the presence of the Lord was there, and you don't have to dress up anything when the presence of the Lord is there.
They're just coming to see somebody burn, to be on fire for Jesus.
But a lot of people who are dead spiritually try to dress it up really pretty and put a bow on it and think it's the glory, and it's not.
And you're going to see what was once alive in the body of Christ—before that was an oasis in the desert—become a cesspool because they've cut themselves off from the vine.
They are no longer attached.
And it's happening more and more and more, from what I hear.
And you go, 'What happened?
They were a place of refreshing.
' They detached themselves, and now they try to decorate it and make it look pretty because it's work to get on the vine.
It's work to die to self, and they don't want to do that.
They go, 'Well, I don't want to do that.
' Well, your flesh doesn't want to.
'Well, it's all right to sleep around.
It's all right to drink.
It's all right to party.
It's all right to do all these things.
We're not going to judge you.
' Are you serious?
We're going to walk in grace and mercy.
I'm going to tell you this: you are either hot for Jesus or cold.
If you're lukewarm, He'll spew you out of His mouth.
And people who think they can live a compromising lifestyle and make it in the rapture, you have another thing coming.
So many of you are going to be taken aback by what's about to take place.
A great shaking to awaken is coming.
You're not going to live like the world and be a purified bride that's going to come and go in the rapture.
There were five that had their lamps full and five that didn't.
Which one are you?
So, that's what I had for you.
I just want you to get on fire for Jesus and know what's about to take place as we see all these major signs, as we see all this stuff going on.
I'm just in awe that we're right there.
We're seeing the covenant with many.
We're seeing it talked about.
We're seeing all these things, the red heifer and all this stuff.
And I'm like, 'Wow, folks, this is so cool.
' I'm excited about the prayer conference in the fall.
Sister Billye always holds her prayer conference in the fall in October in Branson.
And the Lord keeps showing me Branson for the major revival.
I kept seeing visions of Branson today, and the leaves are still on the trees.
It was beautiful outside, and there was an anticipation for something amazing about to take place in Branson, Missouri.
And then we have our prayer conference in Branson, Missouri, in October.
We always do with Sister Billye.
We go to that, and it's always such a blessing.
It's one of my favorite things to do in October.
I think it's like the 15th or something.
So I always encourage people to come and help her be a part of a prayer meeting.
You know, what are we expecting in these last days?
Last year when we prayed, the Lord said, 'You've delayed the financial crisis for this four-year window—or it was a four-year, now three-year window.
' And He said, 'You've delayed things that were coming to pass.
Now you've delayed it because of the prayers of the righteous people interceding for America.
You've delayed things.
I'm giving you a window of time.
' And that's what He said.
And we saw the birthing pains of the major crash and all this stuff happening, but He said, 'I'm wanting to give you a window.
' So, I pray this prayer time what we see in October of this year, if we're still here and the rapture didn't take place in September.
Regardless, I'm always expecting, in September during Rosh Hashanah, for him to come.
I'm going, 'Lord, the Feast of Trumpets, all the things that are happening.
' So, we took communion before we started to pray.
Diana and I have already communioned up.
Yes.
So, if you want to take communion, you can take communion where you're at right now, but we took it earlier.
So, we're going to just jump right into the river and we're going to give God praise and glory right now and see if he has anything to show us.
You know, sometimes he does, sometimes he doesn't when it comes to this stuff.
Sometimes it's just about refreshing.
Oh, the glory of your presence!
We, your people, give you reverence.
So arise from your rest and be blessed by our praise as we glory in your embrace.
As your presence now fills this place, oh, the glory of your presence, we, your people, give you reverence.
Oh, Father, I thank you for the fall.
I see it.
Everything is going to change like a paradigm shift come the fall.
Watch.
Watch the month of September.
It's a time to remember.
For September will be a time to remember.
He's talking about...
I see scales.
I see scales that are balancing out.
I see scales and things transferring.
One's way down here and one's way up here.
I see, and the scale is red.
The scale is a red, fire-engine-truck red.
And he said, 'Watch the scales be leveled, and they're going to flip today.
' There's a time frame in the spirit realm that we've been waiting on as a body.
You say, 'Why hasn't it happened yet?
Why hasn't it manifested yet?
' The time frame and the scale are about to flip like a paradigm shift.
Watch the fall.
Watch September.
It's a time to remember.
I feel led to describe this vision.
I see a door.
It looks like an old wooden door, but as you open this door and you cross through into this time frame, I see blue skies, beautiful white clouds, and all these sunflower-looking flowers all on these hills.
And there's green grass, and there are beautiful yellow-looking flowers with green stems all on these fields, and then there's daisies and sunflowers.
There are beautiful flowers crossing into this on these fields, and the hills are vast, like the Sound of Music hills when she's twirling on the green hills.
You're just crossing forth into the door, and in time, I'll show you more.
He said, 'I have looked forward to this time frame more than you have.
' Don't bypass the summer to get to the fall.
There are things that you cultivate to get into the fall—the beginning of the wealth transfer.
Remember the Sooners.
Remember these things.
You're going to see a transfer of things.
You're seeing a foundation being laid.
Pray for the Congress.
Pray for the judge.
Pray for the loosing of the hose, for there was a kink tried to be put in the hose.
But as you see as of this last week, a beginning of the kink being released.
There is much more to this than meets the eye.
He says an unkinking of the hose and a great flow.
This is not a trickle, but a waterfall—a great, great flow, like a fire hose, a big hose.
Not a little bitty garden hose, but a big hose.
You're going to start to see a transfer.
I see the apples on the trees.
I see the ripening of the apples on the trees, even before the first frost.
But frost happens differently in every single area, that's what he said.
'Where am I talking to you, Brennan?
' That's what he's talking about.
There's a changing of things.
As you see the frost change, there's a changing of things.
Well, usually around where we are, our first frost is in the end of October.
Around that time frame, October, change starts to set in.
Great relief.
I feel the anointing on my ears.
I'm seeing into November right now.
I'm seeing into November and December.
I see a rocket ship taking off.
I see multiple things taking off.
There's a change, a change, a change.
And I see the sun coming up.
I see the fall leaves changing.
And that's just the beginning, even for 2026.
I see...
no, oh, I see '26.
No, oh, more birthing pains.
I see great pine trees, massive pine trees, for a great change is coming in 2026.
Great change is yet to come.
2026 will try to be 'the year of fix.
' They'll try to fix it.
They're going to try to mess with it.
You have great assignments ahead.
You have great assignments of prayer ahead.
They try to derail what's happening going into May.
I see an acceleration in the world economy with the tariffs and things.
Now I'm stuck right around July—I'm in July 2026.
Don't become satisfied with the level of wealth that you get.
Push on.
Believe me for more.
A lot of people will want to camp here.
The enemy will try to derail it.
What will you do to stand in the gap?
Do you hear?
Standing in the gap.
Oh, there's much work to do.
I'm seeing 2028 in bold.
I see 2028.
Fall of 2027.
Oh, 2028.
2027.
Oh, the rats.
The rats.
I see the rats.
Oh, Jesus.
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, gosh.
Oh, pray.
Pray.
Oh, my.
Oh, Jesus.
I see a snake.
I see a coral snake.
I see red, yellow, and black and white.
I see our cattle again.
I see our cattle, and they're sick.
Rise up, church!
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, my gosh.
I'm going backwards now, and I'm coming out of the fall of 2027, going into the fall of 2026.
You see birthing pains.
You may say...
And I'm going into 2028.
I can see...
No, the election.
I'm around it.
I can see.
Oh, no.
You have much to pray about.
Oh, my goodness.
Oh, the glorious church needs to...
We arise out of this.
We arise.
Financial blessing is coming to.
You must pay attention.
You must hear his voice.
I see an asteroid.
I see a space rock.
This thing is massive.
Oh, many have the opportunity to go home early.
These are the most serious times we've ever seen before.
There'll be the best of times and the worst of times.
There'll be the best of times, and there'll be the worst of times for the ones that are not staying close to the vine.
Great shaking.
The beginning of sorrows.
We are in full swing—full swing in the sorrows.
This is not a time to play church.
This is not a time to play church in the days ahead.
Sorrows: many will go home, I see.
But you must remain on the vine.
It's not a time to be playing church.
You must remain on the vine.
And you say, "What does that mean?
" I'm talking about being lukewarm.
You must be on fire; you must be in the glory for what's coming.
Oh my goodness, I've seen into it.
I've seen into the rats; it's like a flu.
It's a bug.
They're sick.
The people, and I see the cows, and they're sick.
I could see cows throwing up and being sick, and they're just falling down.
Even your animals, your dogs.
I can feel the atmosphere of what it feels like in that area.
I can feel it.
I can see people are not moving around.
I see it in the streets.
I see the church in Edmond, Oklahoma.
I'm there on Second Street.
I can see the tents again in the Sprouts parking lot and in the park.
I can see the Methodist church on Second Street.
I see yellow leaves in the trees.
Much change.
I can see that church.
I'm driving in the car, and I can see going down.
There's hardly anyone moving around on a very busy street.
We're going eastbound.
I see the storm on the East Coast.
I see the storm again, like I've seen so many times.
I see the white doves again.
I see those white doves.
I see the storm trying.
They have a plan to derail these globalists, these people; they're evil.
I see Trump praying.
He's crying.
He looks very defeated.
He's standing there, and I see him.
I see Trump, and he's praying.
He's crying.
He's praying and he's crying.
The pressure—I see the pressure.
And I see a red carpet.
I see gold and red carpet, like fringe.
And I see this red carpet.
And it's like he's on one knee, leaning over this podium, crying, like he's praying.
I actually—it's like I went there.
The vision's so clear.
There's no football there.
There are no stadiums full of people; they're empty.
I see empty stadiums everywhere.
I can see all of them.
It's to control things.
It's like an act of war, a retaliation of things.
I see China and Europe; I see China boldly.
Remember Red Dawn.
The Lord says, "Remember Red Dawn.
Remember, a retaliation for their economy, a retaliation for these things.
" There are things coming.
COVID was a trial run.
Now I see food lines again because of what's going on with the factories and the stores, trying to shrink the economy again.
I see the digital dollar.
I'm there at the Target store, and I see lines of people going down.
I see Lowe's and the Target store on Second Street again.
And I see the people, and they're lined up by Lowe's, clear going down off of the road there on Second Street in Edmond.
I can see the people again.
I'm at the Sonic, and I see the line of people again.
I see the digital dollar.
I see fifty cents on the dollar.
I see the crumbling of things because of this.
Oh, Diana, I don't want to look into it.
She gives us a window.
What is the window?
People say, "What is the window?
" It's an opportunity to win the lost.
You're running out of time.
"Can we lessen this, Lord?
Can we lessen and stop it altogether?
Can we stop it, Father?
Can we stop all this?
" People are mistaking what He's talking about.
The window: "I'm giving you a window.
" Everybody thinks, "Oh, it's just heaven on earth, everything's going to be good.
" No, that's not what He's saying.
"I'm giving you a window of opportunity.
" Things are about to take a 180.
Everything's going to change.
A paradigm shift.
Everything's changing.
He's given us this window, a reprieve.
What will you do with it?
Birthing pains are still happening.
Labor pains are not stopping.
You think, "Well, this window of opportunity, what is this that He's talking about?
" You must look deeper.
He says birthing pains are not stopping: "I'm giving you a window to bring in a harvest, but all the labor pains and all these things are still taking place.
I'm buying time.
" He said, "Go back to Maurice's word.
The labor pains—I'm giving you an extension of time, but the labor pains will not decrease; they will still increase.
" Remember what he said.
I'm hearing that word: "These things will not decrease.
They will increase, but I've given you a time for a harvest.
" Brandon, go back to Maurice's word.
What was in the courtroom of heaven?
I'm there in the courtroom of heaven and I hear the sound of the gavel.
Judgment has been set.
Time as we know it is not going to be, but He's given us a window into the next Shemitah cycle.
What will you do with this window?
Thus saith the Lord.
But the labor pains are going to come on quicker, faster, and more abruptly.
Do you understand?
Don't listen to the words around you—these people saying everything is peace and safety.
All these false words.
I'm telling you where we are.
God is giving us a window.
But you say, "What is this about?
" Time as you know it is not going to exist.
We're getting ready to step into the great tribulation.
And that's what He's talking about: He's given us a window, this little sliver of time.
"I can do a lot with that sliver of time for the glorious church.
" Do you see what He's saying?
"I've given you a sliver.
" Adam's lease is coming up.
These things are all falling in line like dominoes, as you see all this we're talking about with the UN.
A great shaking to awaken.
And all these people, I see them dying by the millions.
I see them bent over with this virus—they're throwing up, very sick, and it's passing to animals.
It's a plague.
I saw China involved.
I see Europe.
I see rats on the ground.
I see darkness.
I see a very bad storm of the Antichrist agenda.
The beginning of sorrows, sorrows going into tribulation.
I see a window of opportunity for the church to rise up.
What will you do with this?
Will you put your head in the sand?
And He said, "I've given you a window for a harvest.
" I'm giving you a window.
Many false prophets are coming up.
Many, many wolves in sheep's clothing.
There's a lot of confusion in the church right now.
" He says, "You're going to see the labor pains increase.
You're going to see all this.
But with this financial blessing, Diana is going to read this prophetic word to you.
You need to know where we are.
" Okay, so it was December 27th of 2018.
I had an open vision prophetic experience as I was eating lunch recently.
Suddenly, a portal opened in the spirit realm and my angel said to me, "You are summoned to come to the courtroom of heaven.
You are to record the case being tried now so that God's people will know the lateness of the hour.
You must warn them so that the bride may awaken and take heed.
The time is short.
" I was escorted by two angels to a seat on the left side down front of the Supreme Courtroom.
There were many hundreds of angels and saints already seated before the bench.
I was surprised how much it looked like our Supreme Court room in America, except it was much larger.
It looked more like a giant arena with thousands of seats ascending up as far as I could see.
There were five big leather lawyer-like chairs with wings on each side in the front row.
They reminded me very much of the kind of chairs my father always sat in behind his desk at his law firm years ago.
There were gold-embossed cards on them that said "recorder" on all five of these chairs.
I must have been the first to arrive and I was ushered into one of the closest to the bench.
I sat down and sunk into this really comfortable chair and was handed a pen and a small scroll.
I was curious as I looked at it, for it looked really old-fashioned.
The pen was a feather quill with an old-fashioned nib like a fountain pen at the bottom to write with.
The pad was a scroll that was made out of parchment.
It could open automatically as you wrote on it when you got to the bottom of the page.
It was kind of like an iPad that looked like a small Torah scroll at the same time.
The angel showed me how it worked.
It was extremely easy to hold and write on.
When I would start to write, it would write whatever I thought of in perfect calligraphy script as fast as I thought it.
The nib seemed to just fly over the parchment with ease in my hand.
It would write whatever the angel put into my mind from what I saw and heard to record and then would describe perfectly any other information the Holy Spirit deemed important in an instant as it appeared.
It was the easiest thing I have ever written and it seemed to do all the work without my thinking or trying.
I think this must be heaven's way of court legal stenography.
Most amazing of all, I was writing in Hebrew and I hardly know the language at all.
But somehow I understood and thought in fluent Hebrew during this vision.
I cannot offer any explanation for this at all.
The angel said, "You are one of the five prophet recorders that have been summoned from the earth to chronicle and witness this trial soon to begin.
Just let the pen flow over the parchment and it will be a witness to the proceedings.
Then you will sign it when it is finished and it will be added to the eternal ledger of legal proceedings.
" Soon the other four recorders were seated and shown how to write as I was.
I recognized one of them as a current prophet on earth.
He was the only other from the western world.
I cannot speak of whom it was at this time and the other three of them were not known to me.
We were all different races from different regions of the earth.
One was a Chinese woman of great age who just glowed with the wisdom and love of God.
We were dressed in black robes with red border sashes at the sides and the sleeves.
The other prophet recorder was a lady from Africa who had a headdress that wrapped around her head which flashed rays of light whenever she moved.
She spoke and wrote in French, I believe.
The fifth was a man from South America.
I was given a yarmulke of golden color.
It had 12 ruby stones around it.
God called me to wear a yarmulke whenever I minister on earth.
So I wasn't surprised that I had one to wear here.
When the angel put it on my head, I could feel the weight of it.
It was made out of actual metal, gold, even though it felt soft to the touch, like silk.
Everyone finally assembled and a great and beautiful angel who presided over the courtroom named Justice stood up.
She seemed to tower over us and was about 20 feet tall.
Then angels appeared with long trumpets on either side of the courtroom and sounded a fanfare that ended with a blast.
The angel Justice then shouted with a very loud but soprano voice, "All rise, the honorable Ancient of Days, the judge of all creation, the king of ages, the most high Lord Almighty is present and presiding.
" We all stood up exactly at the same time in unison.
Then the most awesome sound of praise and worship filled the atmosphere as we all began to praise His glorious majesty together.
I have never experienced such a sense of awe as the fear of the Lord filled the court.
It was only then that I could just make out who was seated behind the holy bar.
There were not nine judges, but 12.
God the Father sat in the middle with six of the Supreme Court judges on both sides of Him.
I somehow knew He was the final deciding vote in every decision.
After our praise was finished, the angel of justice who I now saw was a lady and not a male angel, shouted, "Be seated.
The high court is now in session.
" She was standing just in front of His throne.
She had a golden gavel and struck a giant crystalline base with it.
There was a great thunderclap and lightning flashed out from the gavel base and flew across the room in all directions.
It was only then that I could see the judges behind the bench.
The only person that I could not see was the face of the Father, but I could see the throne He sat upon and the outline of His face.
He seemed to be clothed in a white blinding light as well.
He had a black robe on, but had every color of the rainbow flashing out of it.
If He moved even slightly, lightning bolts would fly all over the room, out of His head, His hands, and His feet.
The other judges to the Father's right hand were Enoch, father Abraham, Moses the lawgiver, David the king, Elijah the prophet, and Daniel.
On the Father's left hand were John the Baptist, Peter, James, John, Andrew, and Paul the Apostle.
I do not know whether these were the permanent judges of the Supreme Court of Heaven or not, but these were the ones seated for this case.
They all were also dressed in these black iridescent judge robes.
There were stunning crowns of glory on each of their heads, and they were holding gold scepters in their right hands.
The Father in the middle on the throne of judgment held the biggest scepter and had many crowns suspended over His head that shot lightning out from them in every direction.
I could not look upon Him or His face because it was so bright.
It was like looking into the noonday sun.
I was given one glimpse at Him when He first came into the courtroom.
There was a rainbow that would appear that encircled Him above and below that I saw a few times during this vision.
I could not endure looking at Him for more than a split second before I had to avert my eyes for the white blinding brightness was too intense.
All the judges behind the great bar were emanating great light that was also nearly blinding.
That is the closest I can describe them now.
Then the case was read before all present by Lady Justice the angel.
She spoke, "This is the summary of the case brought before the Supreme Court of Heaven today.
The timing of the final judgments of the day of the Lord must be decided.
The accuser Satan is prosecuting, declaring that the time of Adam's lease is over and he must be allowed to take ownership of the earth for a time and times and half a time as it is written in the holy scriptures.
" That's where we're at right now.
Do you understand what I'm seeing?
Yeah.
It's over Adam's lease.
Read that one more time.
Read that.
It is so important people hear that.
The timing of the final judgments of the day of the Lord must be decided.
The accuser Satan is prosecuting, declaring that the time of Adam's lease is over and he must be allowed to take ownership of the earth for a time and times and half a time as it is written in the holy scriptures.
Representing the holy defense is the Lord Yeshua, Jesus, the Messiah, the lamb of God.
At this Yeshua himself stood up at the defense table as the advocate general of the bride of Messiah on earth.
He was representing the holy saints of God still alive in their bodies on earth.
When he stood up at the left table, everyone bowed and worshiped except those at the prosecution table to the right.
There was a very handsome man who just sat stone-faced with several other princes at the prosecution table.
They did not move.
The headman sneered as they worshiped Yeshua.
Representing the agenda of the fallen Lucifer, now called Satan, is himself the accuser, liar, and deceiver, ha-Satan.
At this, the handsome prince with the evil smirk stood up.
No one moved.
There was silence in the courtroom for about a moment.
Then, Lady Justice spoke again, "You may sit down now.
" Finally, he did so with another sneering grunt.
I marveled that he seemed human and actually very attractive to look at, although there was no heavenly light in him or around him.
"The prosecution may proceed," Lady Justice proclaimed.
At that, this man stood up.
He was robed in a black suit that had a long cape of crimson red that followed behind him.
He had gold epaulets on his shoulders that were built into his cape.
He was very articulate and extremely haughty.
I got sick to my stomach as he spoke.
He walked back and forth in front of the courtroom in long strides with his nose in the air.
It reminded me of a painting of what Napoleon looked like, except this man was much taller than Napoleon.
He began his long diatribe of accusation against fallen man.
He seemed to know the Bible very well.
Starting from Adam and Eve, he began accusing God of failing mankind in every generation.
He started with the stipulation, "Adam was given exactly 6,000 years to rule the earth.
He gave that lease to me and I own it and I have a right to rule over every man, woman, and child who are mine by Adam's free choice.
The time is up.
I now demand to be given to me the government of mankind through whom you call the son of perdition.
I call him my son of man.
I have the scriptural right to take control of the earth for seven years.
Give it to me now.
" Then he sat down again for about a minute or so.
There was complete silence.
Lady Justice then spoke again, "The defense may proceed.
" Yeshua then rose from the defense table.
He wore a white robe with blue trim and red sleeves with a bottom border and a neck border of red.
He also wore a small diadem of small diamonds as a crown.
Once again, when he stood up, everyone bowed their heads before him in worship except those at the prosecution table.
He said in summary, "As the true son of man, I have taken the death penalty for every generation of fallen man, including those in this harvest generation.
I also stripped Satan of his authority over the church of the living God.
His gates can no longer prevail against her.
Though through the intercession of my holy bride on earth, the overcoming church of the living God, there has been granted a pause by this court to allow for the fullness of the harvest to come in during the last hearing on this matter in 2015, three years ago in earth's time.
For I spoke on earth as it is written, 'The gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world and then the end shall come.
' I, by the authority of the prayers and intercession of the bride documented here in this scroll, hand the scroll to the father and another copy of it to Satan's prosecution table.
I petition the court for another measure of time for the end-time church to finish and fulfill the promise to my people as it is written that none should perish but all who are truly mine have the opportunity to hear the good news of the gospel and to be saved from perdition.
" As he was speaking, Satan, the handsome man lawyer, was busy reading the scroll feverishly to see if there was truly enough intercession to stop his immediate seizing of the earth and for tribulation to begin.
He was consulting his other diabolical lawyers about it.
Foul language was coming out of his mouth along with hissing and accusing his right-hand man, saying, "You told me that we had destroyed the prayers of the church.
The great awakening has been thwarted.
" Yeshua continued, "As you can see, my faithful bridal remnant has kept the faith, enduring the evil, and continue to overcome.
The blood of the martyrs has proven their faithfulness.
Look at China.
Look at the Middle East.
Look at Africa.
Look at Indonesia.
Look at South America.
Look at the islands of the sea.
Look at my persecuted bride in all nations.
Even America has held though all of hell has been thrown against her.
The facts speak for themselves.
I have the authority to request for another extension of time.
The defense petitions the court for another extension of time and the grace that I purchased by my blood on the cross.
Also, I petition the court to look into the scrolls of the hidden councils written before the foundations of earth regarding the mysteries of the harvest of the end of days.
These Satan has no knowledge of as they were never shown to him.
It is written there as well as in the hidden scripture and in the hidden revelation of scripture that the tribulation beginning the kingdom age must begin only after all of my bride that are ordained to eternal life are saved and come to the knowledge of the truth.
This information can also be found in the scroll given by my hands to the court for eternal record.
The evidence written in this scroll fully confirms and documents our holy and righteous claim though millions shall come to me and be saved in the tribulation to come.
My holy bride must all be prepared now.
" Then there came a time of silence.
Nobody moved.
The judges on the bench were studying the scroll.
Somehow it had multiplied into 13 scrolls.
All the judges including the father read through the scroll.
I got to get one glance at the writing.
It was written in red.
It was written in the blood of Yeshua.
I was told that by the chronicling angel that was helping me to write.
Amazingly, as I wrote about this, the ink coming out of my pen became blood red as well for the duration of the description of it.
Then it turned back to black ink again.
After some deliberation, there was a vote.
Every judge voted in favor of the saints to extend another time period of grace.
I cannot disclose how long it is at this time.
Finally, the father, the great judge of all the earth, spoke.
He said, "On the basis of the evidence presented by the defense, I decree that the prosecution has failed to bring a closing to the final days of grace on earth.
An extension of time has been granted to the saints of the overcoming bridal remnant church.
Nevertheless, the birthing pains and judgments on the earth will not be stopped.
" That's what he said right then in our prayer time just before showing this.
He said, "It will not stop, but I've given you a window.
" And that's what he keeps talking about.
And then I remembered this word.
He said, "The birthing pains are going to increase.
They're going to get really intense now.
Keep going.
Okay.
Nevertheless, the birthing pains and judgments on the earth will not be stopped.
Satan has the authority to rule over the tares of the earth, the wicked in darkness by their willing consent according to the tenets of free will given to Adam's race at the beginning of creation.
Both the tares and the wheat have grown up and are now ready to be harvested.
" Therefore, the birth pains of judgment shall increase.
Those that will abide with me in the secret place I will provide for and protect.
Those that do not are in more and more peril with each passing day.
Do you understand what he's saying?
So, if you're abiding in him, I told you just when I was in the spirit, he said many people are about to go home because they're riding the fence.
They feel that they're living a life of compromise and it's okay, Brandon.
But what's happening right now is you're a target.
If you do not get your house in order and go be radically on fire, you're a target because Satan's going to pick you off.
He's coming and he's knocking on your door.
If you don't come underneath the covenant and take communion and plead the blood over your family on a day-to-day basis, you're more of a target than the world.
Because he's looking and going, 'Listen, I'm going to get them.
They're living a compromising lifestyle.
' I'm not trying to scare you.
I'm trying to prepare you.
The birthing pains are intensifying even more what I just saw.
And what I just saw going into the next couple years, it's very bad.
This is what the Lord's warning.
I want you to read that just a little bit, love.
Okay.
Go back up or just continue?
No, just keep going.
No, read it a little bit.
Go back up a little bit and then start right there.
Amen.
Satan has the authority to rule over the tares of the earth, the wicked in darkness by their willing consent according to the tenets of free will given to Adam's race at the beginning of creation.
Both the tares and the wheat have grown up and are now ready to be harvested.
Therefore, the birth pains of judgment shall increase.
Those that will abide with me in the secret place I will provide for and protect.
Those that do not are in more and more peril with each passing day.
Though I have granted this, the final day of the Lord has indeed come, and the prosecution is correct.
The time of grace upon the earth is nearly over.
Warn my children, this is the midnight hour.
Watch and pray that you can stand in the evil day and overcome.
I am answering the prayers of my kingdom according to earth.
It shall come first in the fire of my holy judgments, but it shall also come in the great awakening that I have promised of revival and outpouring.
The time of my wrath is soon to engulf the earth, but in it I will remember mercy.
My many millions of souls shall be saved and come to the knowledge of the truth.
Then the angel, Lady Justice, came forward and was blindfolded.
She raised a large old-fashioned scale in her hands above her head.
Into one of the bowls, a presiding angel poured a black sandlike powder from a brass urn.
This tipped the scale all the way to the bottom as far as it could descend.
That's just what I just saw.
The scale.
Yeah, D.
I just saw that scale tonight in the spirit and it was way down here.
But it was a red scale.
It looked like blood.
It was like a red scale.
Wow.
This represented the accumulated sin and rebellion of all of mankind as well as the failures of the church in this generation.
Into the other bowl, a presiding angel dressed in a golden robe poured a white sandlike powder from a porcelain white urn that represented the prayers and intercession and obedience of the overcoming church in generations past as well as the bridal company of our generation.
This is what allows for evil to be restrained.
I was really alarmed because it looked so small at first compared to the amount of black powder in the other bowl.
But the angel kept pouring and suddenly the holy justice scale began to balance out.
Then it was even.
As we all watched, the scale suddenly shifted.
The white bowl went down and the black bowl came up.
There were mighty shouts of praise and victory in the courtroom.
Then the Father raised his golden scepter in his left hand and slammed his gavel down, accompanied by thunderclaps and lightning flashing everywhere with bursts of rainbow colors shooting through the courtroom, and said, 'The time of grace shall be extended as petitioned by the bride of Messiah for a little longer.
Blank more length of time has been granted to finish the final harvest in the age of grace.
' Note, I have condensed what was spoken in the trial into this brief summary.
I am forbidden to share anymore, though much more was spoken.
You can eventually go to the library of legal proceedings in heaven to access the entire transcript.
Of course, you will probably have to wait for this access until you arrive there, unless granted by the Lord through revelation by the Holy Spirit.
Amen.
Then I was told to sign the recording scroll I had written.
The other four prophet recorders also signed their scrolls.
I noticed that their scrolls were written in different earthly languages.
The most visible was in Chinese.
Then the vision ended and I immediately went to my computer and typed what I saw and heard.
Dearly beloved bride of Messiah, we must labor now while it is light.
Soon it will be night where we cannot labor in the harvest fields of the earth any longer.
People, get ready.
Jesus is coming.
Do you understand it after hearing that, what he's telling you today?
I'm taken aback.
The Lord loves us so much and he's given us this window.
But it's going to get very dark in the days ahead.
But he said, 'I'm giving you this window until the next Shemitah cycle.
What will you do with this window?
What will you...
' He keeps talking about it and he talks about the 10-year.
Well, 10 years on top of this window is 7 years of tribulation.
Are we running that close on this thing of a three-year window into 2028, 2029?
What I just saw going into this plague and this darkness and the revival.
I keep seeing the revival.
The Lord keeps showing me things as I drove around today.
Everything's about to change, folks.
I just have such an urgency tonight, even what I just saw, to pray, to bring this prayer channel up and do what he's called, because the prayers are what fills that scale that I keep seeing.
We must have more time to get the lost.
But the Lord told me we're at that point of no return.
We're at the point of no return.
You're at the point of no return.
There's no more time.
Jesus is standing at the door.
He's standing underneath the chuppah.
I keep seeing, I see the Father.
He said, 'Bren, I'm waiting on the harvest.
I'm coming for you.
Just help me bring in the harvest.
' How many visions have you been with me that he shows us that he's the Lord of the harvest?
He's ready.
He's coming and he's waiting on us.
But a shaking to awaken is coming.
But when the shaking takes place, ladies and gentlemen, most people, I'm telling you, I saw even tonight, I saw millions of people pass, they're riding the fence.
They feel that it's okay.
And they're going to be picked off by the enemy because they're not underneath the blood.
They're not pleading it.
'Well, I'm a Christian, I'm living halfway in, halfway out, I'm doing all this stuff, but it's under grace, brother.
' And yet the enemy is coming knocking at your door.
He comes as a roaring lion seeking who he may devour.
Who can he devour?
The ones that are not doing what they're supposed to be doing, keeping this.
He already has the world.
He ain't worried about the world.
He knows that if they die immediately, they're going to hell.
But who can he get on the fence?
Who's the devourer coming for?
The lukewarm.
He's looking and he's like, 'I've already got the cold.
I've already convinced them it's okay.
They don't worry about it.
The world is okay.
I'm not worried about the world.
But the ones that are riding the fence, who's he going to try to...
The ones that are on fire, he's scared of.
He's going, 'They know their rights.
They know their authority.
They know who they are in Christ.
' I can try to roar and try to scare them, but either way, they're on fire.
Do you understand?
And I'm telling you all, it's time not to play church, even tonight, for what I just saw.
I have such an urgency.
I just saw Trump again weeping, like I saw him in the Oval Office weeping because of all the people.
It's so much pressure what he's fixing to be under.
And the Lord even told me again, 'Brandon, you're going to be so thankful of having him instead of somebody with a reprobate mind for what's about to take place.
Somebody that will at least pray.
' So, I pray this video blessed you.
I know it's a heavy one, but that's what I had for you today.
I want to lead you in the sinner's prayer.
If you're watching this and you've never accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior, today's your day.
You're running out of time.
It's not time to play anymore.
Well, you came to the right place at the right time, not by accident, but on purpose.
God has a plan for your life.
He wants to save you today from the wrath to come.
I want you to repeat this prayer after me and say, 'Jesus, I believe you're the son of God.
I believe you died and you rose again on the third day.
I'm a sinner and I need a savior.
I'm asking you to write my name in the Lamb's book of life.
Forgive me of my sins.
Cleanse me from all unrighteousness.
From this day forward, I turn my back on Satan and every demon and every evil work.
I turn my back on hell, Lord, and I accept you.
Today, I'm saved.
Today, I believe you died and rose again on the third day, and you died for me.
I believe today that I'm a born-again Christian.
Thank you, Lord, for forgiving me and cleansing me and washing me with your precious blood.
Amen and amen.
' I believe today if you said that prayer, you just accepted Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
I believe you're going to see me and Diana and Braden.
We're going to see you in heaven, and we're going to give you a big old high five, and you'll say, 'Thank you for saying that prayer.
Thank you for leading me to Jesus.
' I'm so excited I was a part of your journey.
You know, you just came here and you said, 'Man, I just got Jesus.
' Now, what do you do?
You find a Bible.
You read your Bible every day.
You pray every day.
You go to a church and you tell them, 'I got born again watching a YouTube video, and I need to be water-baptized.
' A Bible-believing church.
Somebody that's radical like Glorious Church Fellowship.
Go to a good church that speaks the Word, loves the Lord, and will teach you how to live by faith.
Now, that's what you do.
And you come here, and we pray, and you're going to get grown up real fast because we're running out of time.
And so, I'm excited you're here.
Now, if you can't afford a Bible and you say, 'Brandon, I can't afford a Bible.
I don't have the means to buy a Bible,' then we will help buy you a Bible off of Amazon.
You just email us in the description below and put in the title, 'I can't afford a Bible,' and then put your address, and then we'll order you one off Amazon.
And we'll never use your information for anything else.
It will just be for that purpose.
Freely we've been given, freely we give.
We love you, and we pray for you, and we celebrate your new decision today.
Diana and I are excited that you accepted Jesus Christ.
The best is yet to come.
To be absent from the body is to be present with the Lord.
And I'm telling you, you just punched your ticket.
You got your ticket.
It's exciting: Jesus Christ as your Lord and personal Savior.
So, we want to rejoice with you.
I know the video was heavy, but I'm telling you all, what I saw was so clear tonight.
We have much to pray about on this channel, and I thank you for being here with us.
I thank you for taking this seriously, for many hands make light work.
And we're so grateful that you would show up and pray with us every single day.
If you could like this video, comment something nice down below.
Tell us what you think about it.
You know what?
What is the Lord putting on your heart?
Subscribe if you haven't subscribed.
We're believing for a million men and women prayer army in these last days.
And I believe the best is yet to come for us.
Our channel is growing by leaps and bounds.
And we're excited to see what God is doing here.
And I thank you that you want to be a part, that you subscribe, click the notification bell, comment all the things that you need to do to help us with the algorithm.
And I'm still underneath that anointing, that heavy intercession of what I just saw, y'all.
So, if you'd excuse me, all I want to tell you all is we love you.
Thank you for your love and your support, always loving on our family.
You've got so many kind people.
There are so many nice people trying to love on us.
And we just want to tell you thank you.
Thank you for your support.
Thank you for loving on us and telling your family about us.
You know, we believe that Jesus has called us for such a time as this.
And we want to always close by telling you: put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you so much, and we love you.
God bless you all, and we'll see you again soon.
Bye-bye.